Let go of my boss
Delay my investment and die?
put
I'll fuck you.
Zhang Yuanjie, do you think you are still the boss Zhang who responds with one call?
You look at him and he's a fucking angry weakness
No girlfriend
This is the weakest.
Ah Wei shows his woman how cool he is
Eat eyes
We're fine, don't worry about me, you play a big game
My platform will give it to you immediately.
Are you already right?
Ah Wei
I have to do things.
Young don't
This is your hard work, don't give it to him
If you fucking pit him, it will be less fucking delayed for us to make money.
You are a robber
Who the hell wants it?
Don't go head-to-head with them
I also gave you the Boss Wang platform.
The money has been collected too. Can you let us go now?
Of course not.
How much is your platform worth?
Can we recover our losses?
The most important thing is our face
What do you want to shoot the pony?
Oops, it's not a breakup either.
Ah Fei, make flowers on his face
I change my name as soon as I'm happy